docs: adapt docs to new story (#5800)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/serving/executor/serve.md

(serve-executor-standalone)=
# Serve

> {class}`~jina.Executor`s can be served and accessed over the nerwork using gRPC or HTTP protocols, allowing you to use them to create service for tasks like model inference, data processing, generative AI, and search services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{class}`~jina.Executor`s can be served and accessed over the network using gRPC or HTTP protocols, allowing you to use them to create services for tasks like model inference, data processing, generative AI, and search services.
```

```

Then, we can send requests using {meth}`~jina.Client`. Since Kubernetes load balancers cannot load balance streaming 

> gRPC requests, it is recommended to set `stream=False` when using gRPC protocol (note that this is only applicable for Kubernetes deployments of Executors):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gRPC requests, it is recommended to set `stream=False` when using gRPC (note that this is only applicable for Kubernetes deployments of Executors):
```
